OK so let's create the card detail for this.
Now I've made a mistake in the list of course I've chosen to put cars instead of car.
So it's going to be Singler If not it's just going to fail.
So we have our car components and this car Daniele's is going to be inside components.
So if I just type Ford got the whistles and click on this I'm going to get the car.
The thing is I don't want this component right here inside components because this one is going to be
linked to redux.
So it should be a container.
So I'm going to grab this and promoed to a container or to just put it inside the containers folder.
I'm going to go to this and I'm going to change containers.
OK.
That's good.
We still got car.
That's right.
So I'm going to close this and I'm going to go back to cars.
Now we need to create all the logic for this.
We need to import a lot of things.
So what we need to import first is going to be imports are going to do import and we're going to bring
Kinect from re-act redux and the From and re-act redux.
Right.
The next thing we're going to need is going to be the action creator.
So we're going to import.
And we didn't have the action.
I'm just going to create it right now.
It's going to be car detail and we're going to get an answer for this.
But doesn't matter.
So it's going to be from and we're going to bring it from actions.
So it's going to be dotted for actions.
Right.
Let's get.
So now whenever we click on it on an item it's going to take us to a new a view and this view is going
to do two things.
First it's going to dispatch an action to bring the data for this car.
So we will need map this patch to props from redux and we will need since we need map dispatch prompts
we need to use bind action creators.
So I'm going to say import and I are going to bring bind action creators and this one is going to be
from burritos and missing from.
And then redux right.
Breguet So now whenever we felt we trigger the action and we fetched the data we need to change inject
that data inside the component so we can render the GSX with all the data.
So since we need to inject the prompts we will need the maps data prompts.
OK.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom and I'm going to say function and bring the map state to prop's
this map state prompts it's going to take an argument the state is going to be state.
Now this function is going to return an object so I'm going to say return and just an object.
Now we can have a lot of problems with this and we are going to be solving the issues as we go.
So I'm going to say car and inside car we will bring the state and then something that car calls card
detail just like that.
And then I'm going to tilt and then begin to discuss why we're doing this and why we will need to change
some things.
OK that's good.
We have the maps major props.
We all need to do the map dispatch to prompts.
So I'm going to say function and then map this patch to prop's right.
This one takes dispatch as an argument.
So I'm going to say this patch right now what else we need to return the bind auction creators.
So I'm going to say return and then bind auction creators get by and there you go.
Now this bind auction creators takes two arguments.
First it's going to be the action.
And this case is going to be car.
It's going to be called Car dieta detail.
And this one is going to be equal to car car detail.
Now since we are using S6 we can simplify this a little bit since we have the same name for the key
and the value we can just do this and this.
This one is going to be just equals this.
OK.
Right.
The next argument that we need inside of mind actually creators is going to be the dispatch we have
right here.
So I'm going to copy and paste brigade.
The last thing we need to do from now is going to be to do the connect.
So I'm going to say export default and then connect the connect takes two.
And the second one right here is going to be the actual components which in this case is going to be
car.
OK so I'm going to go to a car and put it right here.
It's going to be using the map state to Propst the map.
This batch of product prompts we need to put both.
There is no null.
Right here and now we're going to get an error because actions we don't have an action Creator for this
and we're importing it.
So that's why we get the OR that's fine.
We're going to do something else right now.
I'm going to open up.
Let's let's go and create the action creator.
We're not going to go right here.
And then inside actions and we're going to go to the index of the actions Breguet now right here you
can have a thousand actions doesn't matter.
They are just functions.
So to create a new actions a new action inside the index dodgiest we just go below this function and
create a new one.
So it's going to be explored and then function to simple as that and the function that we're going to
be calling is going to be called carnt detail.
So we use card detail simple as that.
Okay I'm going to just open close and just leave it as it is.
This detail is going to receive an argument and it's going to be whatever we get inside the ID.
So I'm going to say Id very good.
Now let's go back to cars for one second.
Whenever we reach this component we need to have access to the U R L right here to the idea of the car.
So if I say Ford and click a Mustang we have the number one.
So we need to have access to this.
Now if you remember with re-act router we already have access to this inside.
Does that props up one second.
Let me just create a diff container for this.
If not react is going to complain.
OK so it's going to be this that prompts and it's going to be inside match then it's going to be our.
Yeah I believe it's match it's match.
Yeah of course.
Forgot for one second and then perhaps and then Id.
So if I just reload the page we get the ID this that prompts that match.
Perhaps I forgot about this one.
Right.
So what we can do now since we have the prams which you can call in inside a computer will mount an
action can trigger that action with the Priam's right here.
We're not going to do it right now.
We're going to do it in a few minutes.
So I'm going to go back to index and just complete this.
Just make the network network request.
We don't need to do cancel log.
Again just like with it.
But this we can know this.
So OK so we're going to go to the card detail and I'm going to create a request.
It's going to be Konst request now.
Pretty much we're going to have the same thing in here.
So I'm just going to copy all of this and I will just modify it you know to do the same thing.
So OK we're going to be calling the card index but this time you're not going to be doing the search.
We're going to search for an ID.
So right here going to say I.D. And since we are passing an ID as an argument you're going to say Id
for the argument something like that.
So pretty much same code different arguments.
OK.
I'm going to go right here.
And I'm just to check that everything is going fine.
I'm going to cancel the request.
OK.
Now this action creator needs to return an object with a type and a payload.
So we're going to do that right now.
It's going to be we turn and go right here and he's going to say type and then this one is going to
be call car detail.
OK.
And then we just put coma.
Now this one is going to be sending a payload.
So the payload is going to be equal to request
OK.
So everything looks fine.
So we're going to go to the next section to the next video if we can if we can to do that when we create
the we do search for this and we're going to have a few problems and I'm going to give you this dissolution
of course but it's going to be kind of weird at the beginning.
But let's go to the next section.